Bird in the Hand is only run locally at the moment and there are some considerations to take into account to make that process easier. 

The Bird in the Hand UI runs seperately, to avoid CORs errors use npm start instead of ng serve. Using npm start should have the frontend utilize the proxy file when making API calls and avoid 403 errors. 

The Java backend should be easier, however Lombok may be needed to successfully start the application. If you don't want to add Lombok for testing our this, you are free to remove it. I manually added Getters and Setters, but in a large scale application that is a bit of micro managing I can do without.

The MongoDB database should be hosted on Atlas and connected automatically when the backend is started. The playground on the frontend can also be used to make queries if desired. 

Current functionality in regards to database is as follows:

A user can register an account. This will create a user object in the database and navigate to the Nest profile which should display the username and member_since (an autogenerated timestamp based on account creation). 

A username must be unique to register an account. Attempting to register an account with a username already found will thrown an error and prevent registration. Unfortunately, this is only checked when the Register button is clicked but form information should persist.

A user can login with a registered account. Logging in requires an existing user account and inputting the associated password correctly. While email is captured, there is no account recovery... I recommend choosing easy to remember passwords when registering. Logging in takes the user to the Aviary.
